guides/monthly-refresh.mdx, before:

---
title: "Monthly Refresh"
description: "How place enrichment refreshes run and how to review what changed"
---

## Overview

Monthly refreshes re-run enrichment for places you’ve marked, so you can detect changes over time. Refresh runs execute on the **9th of every month**.

Refresh behavior:

- By default, we refresh **only the attributes that were already enriched** for that place.
- If you have a custom agreement with Reprompt, we can scope refreshes to specific attributes (for example, only `open_closed_status`).

## 1) Mark places for refresh

To include places in the monthly refresh, use the batch actions menu in the UI:

Click the **Actions** button.

<img src="/images/actions_button.png" width="105" height="44" alt="Actions button" />

Then select **Mark for refresh** in the dropdown.

<img src="/images/dropdown.png" width="264" height="212" alt="Actions dropdown with Mark for refresh option" />

## 2) Check what changed

To see updates, list your refresh batches, then inspect the jobs inside each batch. For each place, compare the `job_metadata.last_enriched` timestamp (and, if needed, the output values) against your prior snapshot.

### List recent batches

Use this to find the batch IDs you want to review (especially the batches you marked for refresh).

[List batches API reference](https://docs.repromptai.com/api-reference/batches/list-batches)

```bash
curl --request GET \
  --url 'https://api.repromptai.com/v1/reprompt/place_enrichment/batches?limit=10' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer YOUR_API_KEY'
```

### Fetch a batch to get its place IDs

Use this to see which place IDs are included in a specific batch.

[Get batch status API reference](https://docs.repromptai.com/api-reference/batches/get-batch-status)

```bash
curl --request GET \
  --url 'https://api.repromptai.com/v1/reprompt/place_enrichment/batches/{batch_id}' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer YOUR_API_KEY'
```

### Fetch a job by place ID

Use this to inspect the updated enrichment results for each place so you can scan for changes.

[Get a single enrichment job API reference](https://docs.repromptai.com/api-reference/jobs/get-a-single-enrichment-job)

```bash
curl --request GET \
  --url 'https://api.repromptai.com/v1/reprompt/place_enrichment/jobs/{place_id}' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer YOUR_API_KEY'
```

### Inspect `last_enriched`

Example response (trimmed). Focus on `job_metadata.last_enriched`:

```jsonc
{
  "place_id": "place_123",
  "status": "completed",
  "job_metadata": {
    "attribute_status": {},
    "last_enriched": "2023-11-07T05:31:56Z", // last refresh time
    "enrichment_metadata": {},
    "country_code": "US"
  },
  "inputs": {
    "type": "<unknown>"
  },
  "outputs": {},
  "reasoning": {},
  "confidence_scores": {
    "open_closed_status": "VERY_HIGH",
    "phone": "VERY_HIGH",
    "website": "VERY_HIGH",
    "address": "VERY_HIGH",
    "categories": "VERY_HIGH",
    "opening_hours": "VERY_HIGH",
    "entity_type": "VERY_HIGH",
    "name": "VERY_HIGH",
    "parking_spaces": "VERY_HIGH",
    "parking_spaces_total": "VERY_HIGH",
    "parking_spaces_street": "VERY_HIGH",
    "parking_spaces_shared": "VERY_HIGH",
    "parking_spaces_dedicated": "VERY_HIGH",
    "chain": "VERY_HIGH",
    "tiktok": "VERY_HIGH",
    "price_tier": "VERY_HIGH",
    "approximate_user_reviews": "VERY_HIGH",
    "menu": "VERY_HIGH",
    "school_geofence": "VERY_HIGH"
  }
}
```

Notes:

- **Key field**: `job_metadata.last_enriched` indicates the most recent enrichment timestamp for that place.
- A refresh can complete **without** changing `last_enriched`. That means the data matched the prior enrichment and **you are not charged** for that refresh.
- Use `job_metadata.last_enriched` to confirm a refresh ran (e.g., a timestamp on or after the 9th of the month).
- If you need a deeper diff, compare the `outputs` object to your stored snapshot.

Commit message:

Add response expectations to monthly refresh guide

guides/monthly-refresh.mdx, after:

---
title: "Monthly Refresh"
description: "How place enrichment refreshes run and how to review what changed"
---

## Overview

Monthly refreshes re-run enrichment for places you’ve marked, so you can detect changes over time. Refresh runs execute on the **9th of every month**.

Refresh behavior:

- By default, we refresh **only the attributes that were already enriched** for that place.
- If you have a custom agreement with Reprompt, we can scope refreshes to specific attributes (for example, only `open_closed_status`).

## 1) Mark places for refresh

To include places in the monthly refresh, use the batch actions menu in the UI:

Click the **Actions** button.

<img src="/images/actions_button.png" width="105" height="44" alt="Actions button" />

Then select **Mark for refresh** in the dropdown.

<img src="/images/dropdown.png" width="264" height="212" alt="Actions dropdown with Mark for refresh option" />

## 2) Check what changed

To see updates, list your refresh batches, then inspect the jobs inside each batch. For each place, compare the `job_metadata.last_enriched` timestamp (and, if needed, the output values) against your prior snapshot.

### List recent batches

Use this to find the batch IDs you want to review (especially the batches you marked for refresh).
Expect `batches[]` with `id`, `status`, `status_counts`, and `refresh` so you can pick the batch IDs to inspect.

[List batches API reference](https://docs.repromptai.com/api-reference/batches/list-batches)

```bash
curl --request GET \
  --url 'https://api.repromptai.com/v1/reprompt/place_enrichment/batches?limit=10' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer YOUR_API_KEY'
```

### Fetch a batch to get its place IDs

Use this to see which place IDs are included in a specific batch.
Expect a `jobs` object with arrays by status; `jobs.completed` can be large, so you’ll typically sample or page through.

[Get batch status API reference](https://docs.repromptai.com/api-reference/batches/get-batch-status)

```bash
curl --request GET \
  --url 'https://api.repromptai.com/v1/reprompt/place_enrichment/batches/{batch_id}' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer YOUR_API_KEY'
```

### Fetch a job by place ID

Use this to inspect the updated enrichment results for each place so you can scan for changes.
Expect `job_metadata.last_enriched` (timestamp with microseconds) plus `attribute_status` and `outputs` for validation.

[Get a single enrichment job API reference](https://docs.repromptai.com/api-reference/jobs/get-a-single-enrichment-job)

```bash
curl --request GET \
  --url 'https://api.repromptai.com/v1/reprompt/place_enrichment/jobs/{place_id}' \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer YOUR_API_KEY'
```

### Inspect `last_enriched`

Example response (trimmed). Focus on `job_metadata.last_enriched`:

```jsonc
{
  "place_id": "place_123",
  "status": "completed",
  "job_metadata": {
    "attribute_status": {},
    "last_enriched": "2023-11-07T05:31:56Z", // last refresh time
    "enrichment_metadata": {},
    "country_code": "US"
  },
  "inputs": {
    "type": "<unknown>"
  },
  "outputs": {},
  "reasoning": {},
  "confidence_scores": {
    "open_closed_status": "VERY_HIGH",
    "phone": "VERY_HIGH",
    "website": "VERY_HIGH",
    "address": "VERY_HIGH",
    "categories": "VERY_HIGH",
    "opening_hours": "VERY_HIGH",
    "entity_type": "VERY_HIGH",
    "name": "VERY_HIGH",
    "parking_spaces": "VERY_HIGH",
    "parking_spaces_total": "VERY_HIGH",
    "parking_spaces_street": "VERY_HIGH",
    "parking_spaces_shared": "VERY_HIGH",
    "parking_spaces_dedicated": "VERY_HIGH",
    "chain": "VERY_HIGH",
    "tiktok": "VERY_HIGH",
    "price_tier": "VERY_HIGH",
    "approximate_user_reviews": "VERY_HIGH",
    "menu": "VERY_HIGH",
    "school_geofence": "VERY_HIGH"
  }
}
```

Notes:

- **Key field**: `job_metadata.last_enriched` indicates the most recent enrichment timestamp for that place.
- A refresh can complete **without** changing `last_enriched`. That means the data matched the prior enrichment and **you are not charged** for that refresh.
- Use `job_metadata.last_enriched` to confirm a refresh ran (e.g., a timestamp on or after the 9th of the month).
- If you need a deeper diff, compare the `outputs` object to your stored snapshot.
